The Sekai Taikai is coming.
It's up to us
to pick our six most badass fighters.
And there are no easy decisions.
We know you all wanna go to Barcelona.
Some of you think you're shoo-ins,
that you're at the top of your game,
that nothing or no one can stop you.
Some of you think you're the underdogs,
and you don't know
if you have what it takes,
and that you feel left out
and left behind.
But it's a level playing field.
Anything can happen.
Each and every one of you
has a shot.
So, as we make our evaluations,
do your best.
Now is not the time to puss out.
Even though we're competing
against each other, we are still one dojo.
And it's time to bring out the best
in all of us.
So, which of you has what it takes
to be in our top six?
Y'all think there's any chance
we don't make it in the top six?
Maybe when hell freezes over.
Let's hope there's not
a tournament category for humility.
Oh, come on. We got two All Valley champs
and two runner-ups.
I mean, you're a no-brainer.
It's really only that sixth spot
that's up for grabs.
Yeah, and it's yours for the taking.
I appreciate the support,
but I ran a statistical analysis.
And while there is
an 18% chance you're right,
the smart money is on Kenny.
I mean, he did beat you
in that head-to-head.
Uh, cheap shot notwithstanding.
Okay, Payne's got power. But so do you.
Don't count yourself out, man.
Hmm. I prefer to focus
on something actually achievable.
Getting into MIT.
Early Action decisions
come out any day now, you know.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, man, come on. Have no fear.
I may not have confidence
about becoming a world karate champion,
but I know that MIT
cannot turn down the Binary Bros.
God, I hope I get to go to Barcelona.
I don't see how they could leave you home.
You got speed and agility.
You've got just as much of a shot as me.
I saw you land that point on Robby.
- Ah, it was a lucky shot.
Sure was.
I wouldn't get your hopes up, LaRusso.
No way you and I are both going.
- And I'm definitely going.
Senseis said it was anyone's game.
- All right. Let's see you bring it.
We've put this off long enough.
It's time we've had the talk.
I agree.
I want a 15% bump
and control of the showroom music.
You just got here.
You're not getting a raise.
I'm talking about the Sekai Taikai.
We have to choose our top six.
Sam, Robby, Miguel, Hawk.
I'd change the order, but yeah, I agree.
Wait, your fifth is Demetri?
The nerd's got reach,
but no way he's in before Tory.
Tory's skills are undeniable, but is she
balanced enough to commit to Miyagi-Do?
The girl's a beast. Miyagi himself
would have ranked her even above you.
The guy wasn't afraid
to knock a few skulls around now and then.
Mine included.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Anthony?
Come on.
Trying to make the Sekai Taikai
a LaRusso family vacation?
Okay, who would your sixth be?
Lee.
Devon? You only want her
because she's pure Eagle Fang.
Why are you so obsessed with dojo history?
I thought we were all Miyagi-Do.
We are.
Clearly, we have our own biases.
We gotta figure out
some way to get this settled.
Uh, and before you say it,
no, you and I are not fighting.
What about the kids?
Cutthroat, no-holds-barred Battle Royale.
The last six standing go to Barcelona.
Sure, that's all we need. Everyone showing
up with black eyes and broken limbs.
No, we need to find a fair solution.
What we would need is a karate expert
who doesn't know the kids.
I got a bad idea.
Please welcome our guest for the weekend,
Sensei Barnes.
- Isn't that guy at the Silver house fight?
- Silence!
I like this guy.
In order to keep things unbiased,
we brought in Sensei Barnes to observe
then select our top six.
During my years as the Tournament Terror,
all I wanted was
to be in the Sekai Taikai.
But I blew my chance.
I am here to ensure
that you maximize yours.
Everyone I know
who has participated in this
has horror stories.
This thing is intense.
Unpredictable.
People have died. Move!
Who's ready for that?
Wait. Ready for the tournament or to die?
I will do to you
what the Sekai Taikai will do.
I will surprise you with events.
I will push you to your limits.
And if any of you delicate flowers feel
like going to your senseis and crying,
don't.
I've been given full authority
for these eliminations.
Selections. Let's keep this positive.
You came to me.
The deal was my way or the highway.
Get on the sparring deck.
Now!
Uh, Sensei Barnes,
before we start…
Listen, Mike--
This looks different
since the last time I was here.
Yeah. It's good to be back.
And what could possibly go wrong?
To survive the first round,
you will need to show me
excellence and speed.
♪ Listen back everywhere on the track
Is there something that you know… ♪
- Strength.
- ♪ I've heard this song before ♪
- ♪ A long time ago… ♪
- Endurance.
♪ It once brought back a memory… ♪
And teamwork.
♪ Something lost, something gone
That you don't recall ♪
♪ You did your best to forget
Now it's dead and gone ♪
♪ You want it all
You left it far behind ♪
♪ Can't see the thought
There's nothing in your mind ♪
♪ This song used to be about
Someone you knew ♪
♪ Who is here no more… ♪
Fuck!
♪ Taking care of you ♪
♪ Why did he have
To leave this world behind? ♪
♪ Something lost, something gone
That you don't recall ♪
♪ You did your best to forget
Now it's dead and gone ♪
♪ You want it all ♪
♪ You left it far behind ♪
♪ Can't see the thought… ♪
♪ There's nothing in your mind ♪
♪ You want it all ♪
♪ You left it far behind ♪
♪ Can't see the thought ♪
♪ There's nothing in your mind ♪
Congratulations.
You didn't die.
Still, half of you wouldn't last one match
at the Sekai Taikai.
To the 12 who might,
join me up here when I call your name.
Hawk.
Robby.
Miguel.
- Yeah.
- Sam.
Tory.
Muscles.
What?
- Yeah, you.
- I have a new nickname?
Get up here.
I have a new nickname!
What's up, ladies?
Name's Muscles. Nice to meet you.
Okay.
Kenny.
Kenny, good job.
No one ever catches the chicken.
Nate.
- Chris.
- Oh, Chris!
Only three left.
I'm a goner.
Demetri.
Oh, right. Devon.
And the last name.
Anthony.
Yes!
How do you like them apples, huh?
Congratulations, top 12.
Meet me back here tomorrow for round two.
To the rest of you, you're out.
Better luck next time.
You two.
Fierce. Keep it up.
Look at you. Hard work paying off.
Yeah. Yeah.
But no way I make it past this next round.
I won the All Valley with less.
The underdog always has a shot.
Keep it up, Anthony.
Good job, Robby.
Lee, you kicked ass out there.
Why do you look so pissed?
You know,
I won the endurance challenge.
But who does
substitute sensei congratulate?
Kenny, for the chicken.
Sam and Tory for being "fierce."
What about me? I'm fierce too.
He put you through
to the next round, didn't he?
Yeah, but after the power couples
and Hawk,
there's really only one spot up for grabs.
I can't win it
if the judge doesn't see me.
I just don't wanna disappoint you.
Listen, you're not gonna disappoint me.
Don't worry. You're totally getting in.
Okay?
- Is that protein powder?
- Uh, no.
It's laxatives.
I've been a little stressed, so I wasn't
able to poop the last few days.
Want some?
That's gross, Penis Breath.
Hey. It's Muscles now.
Muscles, right.
Cobra Kai
doesn't follow the same rules.
We have to be ready
for any dirty trick they throw at us.
Like when Chong Li threw dirt
into Van Damme's eyes in Bloodsport.
Exactly.
- Yes!
- Winner!
I'm sorry, Sensei.
You apologize for what?
I didn't win.
And whose fault is that?
Hey!
Can any of you nerds tell me
where I can find my boyfriend?
Thank you.
Nice karate pajamas.
Uh, thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey.
You ready for our hot date?
I got us the corner booth at Islands.
There is a Bleunami with your name on it.
It's, uh, just a regular hamburger,
but there's blue cheese on it.
I was thinking, if you need to stay
and train, we can reschedule.
Oh, no, no. There's…
there is no need, my golden goddess.
The way I see it,
disappointment is easiest to manage
when you don't expect
too much of yourself to begin with.
I've come as far as I'm gonna go.
I can live with that.
Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
They're not gonna hold it all day.
Ew!
"Ew"? "Ew"? What's "ew"? "Ew"?
This whole loser vibe.
It's the opposite of a turn-on.
I don't date losers.
- You're breaking up with me?
- No!
Because you're not a loser.
I believe in you.
But that only matters
if you believe in yourself.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. You're right.
- I'm gonna go out there.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm gonna train as long as it takes.
- Yes, you are.
And I am gonna win
this whole freaking thing.
Oh my God, that is so hot!
Oh!
And even if I don't
actually believe in myself--
Shh.
Thank you.
Ready for the big day?
Oh, I was born ready. Just like MIT,
you're not going to Barcelona without me.
What, bro?
Every time he mentions MIT, you go gray.
I didn't apply.
What? Why?
That frat party we went to made me realize
I never even looked at any other schools.
We picked MIT
before all this karate stuff.
I just wanna see
if there's a better option.
I… I hear you, but MIT is pretty great.
I know. It's all Demetri can talk about.
It's killing me.
You should tell him.
Top 12, get ready.
Today's challenge is a Battle Royale.
The rules are simple.
Protect your flags.
Steal the others.
Lose your flags,
and you're out.
The ones with the most flags at the end
go to Barcelona.
The rest of you
will be judged on performance.
You have two minutes.
Little tip. Keep an eye on Devon today.
Yeah. I'll be watching everyone. Ready?
And fight!
Coming for you, LaRusso!
- Shit!
- Sorry, buddy!
Yes!
Hey, you see that? Badass, right?
How many times
am I gonna have to tell you? Back off.
What's with the attitude, man?
You're talking to a champion.
I know what I'm doing.
Yeah? Well, I'm a champion too.
Of the Valley. I was national.
Don't diss the Valley, man.
Johnny. What are you doing?
Thanks, Lee.
Huh.
Damn it!
Ais!
Okay, man. Two to two.
- Ais!
- Gotcha. That's two to one.
Ah, shit, dude.
Yoink!
One to one.
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Ha!
- Sorry, man.
- Shit!
Underdogs always have a shot.
- Ais!
- This is my shot!
You thought you had a shot. Shit!
All right, that was lucky.
Time! That's it!
Yes!
Anthony!
Oh, sh-shit.
- I'm sorry, LaRusso.
- Are you okay?
If it isn't obvious, LaRusso, you're out.
Nice hit, Kenny.
Seriously? My son is bleeding here.
Well, you better get used to it, Daniel,
because the Sekai Taikai is gonna do
a hell of a lot worse.
What's your deal, man?
It's like you're slipping back
into Bad Boy Barnes.
Maybe that's a good thing.
If I'd been my old self,
maybe Silver wouldn't have burned
my business to the ground.
Let me see those flags.
Come on!
All right, we've clearly got our top four.
Tory.
Robby.
Sam.
Miguel.
You four are going to Barcelona.
You bottom four are tied.
I'll go back tonight and review my notes,
re-tally the scores.
I'll announce the final two
in the morning.
Unbelievable.
Hey, what's wrong?
Barnes was watching you this whole time.
Yeah, but he missed
all of my good moments.
I… I don't know
what you two were arguing about,
but I'll be shocked
if he chooses me after that shit show.
All right.
Looks like the bleeding stopped.
You're gonna live.
You wanna go back out, see who won?
It's just a bloody nose. You shoulda seen
the time I got spaghetti--
- Why weren't you real with me, Dad?
- What?
I mean, you made me believe
that I actually had a chance,
and now everyone thinks I'm a joke.
That's not true.
No matter what I do, I can't win.
Ant, win, lose, it doesn't matter.
You just keep doing your best,
and you'll have everyone's respect.
I just wanna go home.
Hey. Anthony.
Hey, man. Cool shop.
Hey, man, I came to apologize for,
you know… stepping on your toes earlier.
It's all right. I get it.
I mean, it's gotta be hard for an alpha
like you to battle a bigger one.
Well, I wouldn't put it like that.
You didn't come to apologize.
You came to see if Devon made the cut.
Yeah, well, did she?
No.
As a matter of fact,
she was at the bottom of my list.
Is she new to karate?
They're all new to karate.
But yeah, she's a quick study.
Maybe she's studying the wrong thing.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
You Miyagi-Dos, you're good at kata,
meditation, that kind of crap.
Doesn't exactly produce
powerhouse students, now, does it?
I could teach you about power.
That's cute, Johnny.
I mean, you know, you've got some skills.
I'm just built different.
Yeah, you're different.
You're nothing but a goon for hire.
- "Goon for hire"?
- Yeah.
Well, I suppose it's better
than being a cream puff.
What did I tell you? Cream puff.
Your karate is a joke.
I own--
Enough. All right. You win. You win.
Sorry.
Sorry about all this, man.
It's my fault.
You know, ever since you guys
brought karate back into my life,
I have been… itching for a fight.
I guess I thought it would help me
recapture some
sense of my power or something.
I know how you feel.
Just do me a solid.
Just check that little diary of yours
and see if you gave Devon a fair shake.
All right?
A favor from one bad boy to another.
Why'd Barnes call us out here?
He could have announced
the final two at the dojo.
- Yeah, why invite us losers?
- Hey.
So you can see
what winning looks like, right?
Good morning.
At least for now.
Gather 'round.
Is everybody here?
- Yeah, this is everyone.
- Good.
Last night, I reviewed my notes.
Made sure the remaining four
got a fair shake.
I've decided
it's too close to call.
So… you're all gonna get
another opportunity to prove yourselves.
Two flags
wait deep in the forest.
Whoever brings them back… wins.
Wait. That's it?
What if two of us find a flag
at the same time?
You fight for it.
Are there refs out there?
No, they're on their own.
- But how--
- It can't get any more objective.
Even Barnes isn't judging this one.
Winning is everything, plain and simple.
Take ten minutes, stretch.
Use the restroom.
Call your mothers.
When you get back,
it's go time.
All right. Great, right?
Another shot.
Yeah, real great.
Kenny's faster, Demetri's bigger,
and Hawk's more experienced.
Hey, you're a natural badass. I knew it
when I first saw you on that debate stage.
No one's more cutthroat than you.
Do whatever you can
with whatever you got. You understand?
Yes, Sensei.
Whoa. Dude, are you seeing this?
MIT is completely revamping
the robotics program.
I mean, this is monumental. This is…
Wait. Are you not signed up
for the RoboTeam email?
The race for the RoboCup begins
the moment we get on campus, Eli.
- We have to--
- I didn't apply.
Whoa. What?
Look, I'm really sorry.
I wanted to tell you sooner--
Sooner?
We've wanted MIT ever since we were kids,
babies, practically.
I just want to keep my options open.
After we went to that frat party, I--
Whoa!
You wanna go to school with Kyler?
What? No, no. God, no.
The party just made me realize
there's a whole wide world out there.
And I still might apply to MIT. Later.
Okay, well, you do realize
that your chances go down
without Early Action, right? You get that?
I don't appreciate the condescension.
And I don't appreciate
you turning into a moron.
At least I'm not
an overbearing control freak.
Your obsession with MIT
is so freaking annoying.
Annoying.
I'm… Okay. All right.
Well, I promise not to annoy you anymore.
How about that?
- No--
- No, it's fine. It's great.
Yeah!
Yeah! Oof, oof, oof, oof!
Come on!
Yeah!
Yeah! Let's go!
Go!
Yesterday… you really had to
handle Anthony like that?
Kick him while he was literally down?
Man, I'm sorry I was a dick.
I mean, Daniel, this whole thing
has really dredged up my demons.
I think I got most of it out of my system
when Johnny and I fought last night.
Wait.
What the hell are you talking about?
Has anyone seen my laxatives?
Oh!
- It's gonna be hard to beat Kenny.
- Devon's got this.
Holy shit. Hey, Kenny won.
Oh!
- No, no, no. Hey!
- I don't think he's gonna make it.
Hey, open up. Open up, please.
Please, I gotta… I gotta go. Please.
Please open up!
Oh man.
- Somebody just got their brown belt.
- Johnny!
- What's that smell?
- Move!
Hey, guys. It's Devon. She won.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
Where's Kenny?
You chose my path?
I didn't know
you were gonna go down this path.
Maybe if we had coordinated earlier.
Oh, wait. That wouldn't have mattered,
would it?
Great. Now we're not going
to Barcelona together either.
Okay.
How do you like it, huh?
I'm sorry, man.
I didn't mean to hit you that hard.
It's fine. It's fine. I don't wanna go
to Barcelona with you anyways.
Come on, D, you don't mean that.
Demetri.
I give you Miyagi-Do's Team Sekai Taikai.
Miguel.
Yeah, Miguel!
Sam.
Yeah!
Robby.
- Bam.
- Tory.
- Yeah!
- And now, Devon.
And Demetri.
Yeah!
Good luck.
Sorry, bro.
So looks like you're feeling better.
Yeah, well, uh,
after what happened to Kenny,
I mean, my bloody nose
doesn't seem that bad.
Hey, um…
Are you okay?
I heard about your… accident.
It wasn't an accident.
It was LaPusso.
He put Mitch's laxatives in my water.
Why would he do that?
He's still butt-hurt
that I knocked him out.
Are you gonna tell the senseis?
His dad would never believe me anyway.
I'm sorry, Kenny.
Hey.
You did it.
- I'm so proud of you.
- Thanks.
My ride's here.
See you later.
- Feeling good, Johnny?
- Hell yeah.
Even with the collateral damage?
You and I both know Hawk should be going.
I heard about your fight with Barnes.
You just had to Eagle Fang your way
to what you wanted, huh?
You expect me to just sit back?
Even with the Miyagi-Do patch on my back,
I'm gonna fight for people I care about.
Look where that's gotten us.
Do you honestly believe
we have our strongest team?
- I think they can handle anything.
- Let's hope you're right.
Because we have no idea
what we're up against.